DOC-361: Migrate localstack CLI refs to lstk in Azure docs (#803)
localstack/localstack-docs: src/content/docs/azure/integrations/az.md

> This guide is designed for users who are new to LocalStack for Azure emulator and assumes basic knowledge of how the Azure CLI works.

Reviewer: Similar to my comments on the Quick Start, we recommend start/stop-interception first, and use the other mode as alternative.

### Prerequisites

This guide uses [`lstk`](/aws/developer-tools/running-localstack/lstk/) to point the `az` CLI at the Azure emulator.

To make sure the `az` tool sends requests to the Azure Emulator REST API, run the following command:

```
$ lstk az start-interception
```

### Create and manage the Resource Group

Run the following command to create a resource group in the Emulator:

```
$ az group create --name MyResourceGroup --location westeurope
```

To check the resource group details, run the following command:

```
$ az group show --name MyResourceGroup
```

To delete the resource group, run the following command:

```
$ az group delete --name MyResourceGroup --yes
```

### Teardown

When you're done using the Azure Emulator, you can run the following command:

```
$ lstk az stop-interception
```

> The `az` CLI tool will now communicate with the Azure REST API on future invocations.

Reviewer: Though this is technically true, I think it's easier to comprehend if we say now it points to the real Azure cloud

When you're done using the Azure Emulator, you can run the following command:

```
$ lstk az stop-interception
```

> The `az` CLI tool will now communicate with the Azure REST API on future invocations.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `az` CLI tool will now communicate with the Azure cloud on future invocations.
```
